there you go yeah I'm going to show you
something really simple as my hot smoked
salmon patty served with toasted bagels
spread with a bit of butter nothing
could be simpler first of all then I saw
spring onions their tub of cream cheese
some horseradish and a bit of Tabasco
the style lets it get that nice to heat
it up yep
right a little bit of olive oil going in
there that's it a tablespoon of that
will do chopped up spring onions just
take those onion pop those in there and
just let them bleed a little bit let
those cook just until they soften you
don't too much color on them okay and
for that salmon now now this is no
ordinary smoked salmon this is hot
smoked salmon first its cured and smoked
whilst cold and then it's cooked and
smoked over o'clock's
giving it a really lovely taste and
texture you can buy it from the
supermarkets but I bought this locally
and look at that isn't that lovely
beautiful and moist that lovely smell
coming out and filling your nostrils and
we're going to crumble that straight on
top of our nice and soft
spring onions in there look how easy
that comes off there isn't that
beautiful got a fear of cats gonna get a
little bit of a treat mess that down a
little bit just breaking that up late
really we're just gonna warm this
through okay right now what you're doing
is thinking that you have to start
cooking the whole thing again like it's
a fresh bit of salmon ah nothing like
that at all so take that off now you can
see what's happening already right while
waiting for those we can pop on our
bagels to get nicely toasted now a
legend says that these are actually
vented in the 17th century for the great
king of Poland who's a bit of a horseman
and that little hole there in the middle
that's supposed to represent a stirrup
I don't know about that but very tasty
there we can add until it's one tub of
cream cheese and that 200 grams in there
that it really mix that well combined
net a teaspoon there of gold creamy
horseradish spicy Tabasco sauce a little
bit of shake in there that's it
last but not least sort of grinding
there of black pepper no salt guys you
don't want any salt in there at all
because any of these thought pressures
are quite salty enough anyway little bit
hot fantastic
lovely and all you do then you take that
7th see just kind of pop that on the top
there so it really does sit round right
there it's beautiful
sprinkle a few of those made of those
chopped spring onions a little bit more
person pepper and there you have it
gorgeous lovely
you